Update introduction.md (#37)
dashpay/docs-core: docs/reference/block-chain-serialized-blocks.md

```{eval-rst}
.. meta::

>   :title: Serialized Blocks
>   :description: Under current consensus rules, a valid block in Dash must have a serialized size of 2 MB or less. Block reward is divided among miners, masternodes, and the governance system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :title: Serialized Blocks
  :description: Describes the structure of serialized Dash blocks and how the block reward is divided among miners, masternodes, and the governance system.
```
